docs/manual_installation.md, before:

# Manual Installation Instructions

Manual installation is somewhat tricky, because the stock USB stack is in the arduino core directory instead of a seperated library directory, so you cannot simply drop [Arduino-Lufa] to the library folder under your Sketchbook directory.

    The following setup was last tested with arduino-1.8.3 and LUFA 170418 
    (but it should work with future versions, if there were no major changes)

You will neded to modify your arduino installation, so I recommend to create a backup, naming it "arduino-x.x.x_LUFA". (x.x.x. beeing your version number, e.G. 1.8.2)

    You should not use the modified arduino version for non LUFA projects.


1. clone the repository, drop it in your `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/libraries` (for instance, you should have `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/libraries/LUFA/LUFA.h` after this step.
2. download [LUFA], put everything under `LUFA/` to `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/libraries/LUFA/LUFA` (for instance, you should have `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/libraries/LUFA/LUFA/Drivers/USB/USB.h` after this step)
3. delete the stock USB stack from Arduino environment, there are 7 files to be deleted:
    1. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/CDC.cpp`
    2. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/PluggableUSB.cpp`
    3. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/PluggableUSB.h`
    4. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/USBApi.h`
    5. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/USBCore.cpp`
    6. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/USBCore.h`
    7. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/USBDesc.h`
4. edit the following files and remove the shown lines:
    1. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/Arduino.h`
        * 233: `#include "USBAPI.h"`
        * 234: `#if defined(HAVE_HWSERIAL0) && defined(HAVE_CDCSERIAL)`
        * 235: `#error "Targets with both UART0 and CDC serial not supported"`
        * 236: `#endif`
    2. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino/avr/cores/arduino/main.cpp`
        * 39: `#if defined(USBCON)`
        * 40: `USBDevice.attach();`
        * 41: `#endif`

That's it! You can now try start the Arduino IDE and compile the examples! :-)

[LUFA]:http://www.fourwalledcubicle.com/LUFA.php
[Arduino-Lufa]:https://github.com/Palatis/Arduino-Lufa

Commit message:

Add LUFA boards to Tools>Board menu

docs/manual_installation.md, after:

# Manual Installation Instructions

Manual installation is somewhat tricky, because the stock USB stack is in the arduino core directory instead of a seperated library directory, so you cannot simply drop [Arduino-Lufa] to the library folder under your Sketchbook directory.

This install will make it so that LUFA can be enabled or disabled by selecting the correct type of board in the `Tools > Board`
menu of the Arduino IDE.

    The following setup was last tested with arduino-1.8.13 and LUFA 170418 
    (but it should work with future versions, if there were no major changes)

    You should not use the Arduino LUFA AVR Boards version for non LUFA projects.

1. clone the repository, drop it in your `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/libraries` (for instance, you should have `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/libraries/LUFA/LUFA.h` after this step.
2. download [LUFA], put everything under `LUFA/` to `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/libraries/LUFA/LUFA` (for instance, you should have `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/libraries/LUFA/LUFA/Drivers/USB/USB.h` after this step)
3. copy the `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino` folder into a new `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA` folder

3. delete the stock USB stack from Arduino LUFA environment, there are 7 files to be deleted:
    1. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/CDC.cpp`
    2. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/PluggableUSB.cpp`
    3. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/PluggableUSB.h`
    4. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/USBApi.h`
    5. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/USBCore.cpp`
    6. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/USBCore.h`
    7. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/USBDesc.h`

4. edit the following files and remove the shown lines:
    1. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/Arduino.h`
        * 233: `#include "USBAPI.h"`
        * 234: `#if defined(HAVE_HWSERIAL0) && defined(HAVE_CDCSERIAL)`
        * 235: `#error "Targets with both UART0 and CDC serial not supported"`
        * 236: `#endif`
    2. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/cores/arduino/main.cpp`
        * 39: `#if defined(USBCON)`
        * 40: `USBDevice.attach();`
        * 41: `#endif`

5. edit the following files and modify the lines accordingly:
    1. `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/platform.txt`
        * 7: name=Arduino AVR Boards --> name=Arduino LUFA AVR Boards
    2. (optional) `arduino-x.x.x_LUFA/hardware/arduino-LUFA/avr/boards.txt`
        Look for "name=" and add "(LUFA)" to the end of each matching line 
       e.g.
        * 7: yun.name=Arduino Yún --> yun.name=Arduino Yún (LUFA)
        * 49: uno.name=Arduino Uno --> uno.name=Arduino Uno (LUFA)

That's it! You can now try start the Arduino IDE and you'll find the `Arduino LUFA AVR Boards` in `Tools > Board` menu.
You can select one and compile the examples! :-)

[LUFA]:http://www.fourwalledcubicle.com/LUFA.php
[Arduino-Lufa]:https://github.com/Palatis/Arduino-Lufa
